Hold on — don't read this as "only accessibility improved." A few things are happening and the picture is more nuanced than the score suggests. Let me unpack it.
Important context first
This is a fresh Lighthouse run, not the CrUX field data. The top "Core Web Vitals Assessment: Failed/Passed" section (which we couldn't see in this screenshot) is what reflects real users and what Google uses for ranking. That data only updates over a 28-day rolling window, so a test run hours after the Cloudflare deploy will not show the field data improvement yet. That's expected.
What you're seeing in the 49 score is a single synthetic Lighthouse test on a simulated Moto G Power on Slow 4G — and there are problems with that.
Why the lab score actually got worse (64 → 49)
Yes, you read that right. Performance dropped 15 points. Here's why this is happening despite the Cloudflare work being correct:
1. LCP regressed badly: 3.5 s → 6.5 s
This is the headline issue. Look at the filmstrip in the second screenshot:

Frame 1: blank
Frame 2: blank with a tiny loading spinner
Frame 3: hero image suddenly appears
Frames 4–8: cookie consent banner shows up at the bottom

There's a long blank period where nothing renders, then everything appears at once. This pattern usually means:

The hero image is now larger or differently formatted and taking longer to load
Or the cookie consent banner is blocking the LCP element
Or the new build introduced a render-blocking dependency

2. Total Blocking Time jumped: 740 ms → 1170 ms
Almost double. Something added more JavaScript that's blocking the main thread. This could be:

The new cookie consent banner code (if it's not lazy-loaded)
New code from the static.ts changes
A dependency that got added

3. Cookie banner is now visible in the screenshot
Look at the right-side mobile preview — the cookie consent banner is showing at the bottom. That banner is a new element that didn't exist when you scored 64. It's likely contributing to both LCP and TBT issues.
What this likely means
The deploy that shipped the cookie consent banner + static.ts cookie strip + (possibly) the WebP image conversion has introduced new render-blocking work that's hurting the lab score. The Cloudflare work itself is helping (assets cache properly), but new code shipped at the same time is hurting.
This is actually common — performance work is a constant tug-of-war between optimizations and new features.
Don't panic — but do investigate
The lab score is a useful signal but not the ranking signal. What actually matters is the field data (CrUX), which won't update for 28 days. So the real question isn't "did the score go up" — it's "are real users having a better experience?" And the answer to that is almost certainly yes, because:

Static assets now serve from Mumbai cache instead of US (proven, cf-cache-status: HIT)
TLS handshake from Mumbai is 15 ms vs ~250 ms from US
Returning visitors get assets straight from browser cache (1-month TTL)

But the lab score regression deserves attention. Here's what to investigate:
Diagnosis steps
Ask the Replit agent:


The new PageSpeed run shows LCP regressed from 3.5s to 6.5s and TBT jumped from 740ms to 1170ms. The cookie consent banner is visible in the filmstrip and didn't exist in the previous test. Investigate:

Is the cookie consent banner being lazy-loaded or is it part of the initial JS bundle?
What is the LCP element on mobile homepage? Run Lighthouse locally and check the "Largest Contentful Paint element" diagnostic.
Did the hero image get changed in the latest deploy? If so, what's its current size and format?
Is the consent banner blocking or delaying any render?


Run npm run build and report the size of the main JS bundle now vs the previous build (if you have it in git history). I want to know if bundle size grew.
Check if there are any new render-blocking scripts in the <head> that weren't there before.


What I'd bet is happening (educated guess)
Based on the filmstrip, the most likely culprit is the cookie consent banner:

It probably loads as part of the main bundle (not lazy)
It does a setTimeout or runs after hydration to show, then forces a layout shift
It may be importing styles or fonts that block rendering

The fix is usually:
jsx// Lazy load the consent banner so it doesn't block LCP
const CookieConsent = lazy(() => import('./CookieConsent'));

// In your App component
<Suspense fallback={null}>
  {showConsent && <CookieConsent />}
</Suspense>
And defer the banner's appearance to after the LCP element renders (e.g., 1-2 second delay or after requestIdleCallback).
Comparing what improved vs regressed
MetricBeforeAfterChangePerformance6449❌ -15Accessibility8990✅ +1Best Practices9696=SEO10092❌ -8FCP3.3 s2.2 s✅ -1.1 sLCP3.5 s6.5 s❌ +3.0 sTBT740 ms1170 ms❌ +430 msCLS00✅ sameSpeed Index5.8 s4.3 s✅ -1.5 s
Mixed picture. FCP and Speed Index actually improved (Cloudflare cache helping). LCP regressed badly (something new is blocking). And SEO dropped from 100 to 92 — that's a separate issue worth investigating.
The SEO drop is concerning — investigate this too
100 → 92 means a structural SEO issue was introduced. Lighthouse SEO checks include things like:

<meta name="description"> present
Page has <title>
Robots tag not blocking indexing
Links have descriptive text
lang attribute on <html>
Hreflang validity
Canonical URL

Ask the agent:

The Lighthouse SEO score dropped from 100 to 92. Run Lighthouse locally on the homepage and report which SEO audits are now failing. We need to fix these before they affect search rankings.

This is fixable, usually a one-line fix per failure, but worth catching now before it propagates.
The "Use efficient cache lifetimes" insight is interesting
It now says 298 KiB of savings (was 217 KiB). This means there's still assets that aren't being cached properly. Likely candidates:

Third-party scripts (GA4, Pixel) — Cloudflare can't cache these (they're on Google's domains)
An asset path your cache rule doesn't cover
An asset the Express server still adds Set-Cookie to

This is minor, but ask the agent to identify which specific resources are flagged in the audit detail.
My honest assessment
You haven't gone backwards on user experience — Cloudflare is genuinely helping real users in India, and the field data will reflect that in 28 days. What you have is a new code deploy that introduced lab-score regressions in LCP, TBT, and SEO. Those are real and need fixing, but they're separate from the Cloudflare work.
Action plan

Don't deploy any more changes for now — establish a clean baseline first
Ask the agent to run Lighthouse locally with the diagnostics above (LCP element, TBT cause, SEO failures)
Fix the cookie banner first — it's the most likely LCP culprit, and lazy-loading it is a small change with big impact
Fix the SEO failures — usually one-line fixes
Then re-test — expect Performance back to 70+, SEO back to 100
Wait 28 days — field data updates, see if Core Web Vitals Assessment flips to Passed

Send me the agent's response on the LCP element diagnostic and the SEO audit failures and we'll prioritize fixes from there.