Yes, there are real issues here — and one of them is critical. The good news: nothing is broken right now. The bad news: Cloudflare is currently doing nothing for your performance. Let me explain what I see, then walk you through fixes.
What I see
🚨 Critical issue: Cloudflare is bypassed for your actual website
Look at the two A records at the top:
TypeNameContentProxy statusArainbowpreschools.com34.111.179.208DNS only ⚠️Awww34.111.179.208DNS only ⚠️
Both have grey clouds (DNS only). This means traffic to your website goes:

User in Thane → DNS lookup → straight to US server (34.111.179.208 is Google Cloud / Replit)

Cloudflare is acting as a fancy DNS provider only. No CDN. No Mumbai edge. No caching. No TTFB improvement. None of the benefits you set this up for.
This is the single most important thing to fix. Until those clouds turn orange, your 1.3 s TTFB problem is unchanged.
⚠️ Issue 2: Wrong records are proxied
Confusingly, the only two records that ARE proxied (orange cloud) are the ones that shouldn't be:
TypeNameContentProxy statusCNAMEautoconfigautoconfig.mail.hostinger.comProxied ⚠️CNAMEautodiscoverautodiscover.mail.hostinger.comProxied ⚠️
These are email client auto-configuration records. Cloudflare can only proxy HTTP/HTTPS traffic. Proxying mail records breaks email client auto-discovery on Outlook, Apple Mail, Thunderbird, etc.
⚠️ Issue 3: Stale Hostinger email records
This is suspicious: your MX records point to Google Workspace (ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.com), but autoconfig and autodiscover point to Hostinger (mail.hostinger.com). Two possibilities:

You migrated from Hostinger email to Google Workspace and forgot to clean up old records
You still use Hostinger for something specific

Either way, this is inconsistent and probably wrong. If you're fully on Google Workspace, those Hostinger CNAMEs should be deleted.
⚠️ Issue 4: SPF record may be misaligned
I can see your SPF starts with "v=spf1 include:_spf.mail.h..." — the truncation hides the rest, but _spf.mail.h... likely means Hostinger (_spf.mail.hostinger.com). Yet your MX is Google Workspace. If the SPF doesn't include _spf.google.com, emails sent from Google Workspace will fail SPF checks and may be marked as spam by recipients.
You need to verify the full SPF value.
✅ What's correct

MX records (Google Workspace, all DNS only) ✓
Google Search Console verification TXT ✓
Replit verification TXT ✓
CAA records include both letsencrypt.org and pki.goog (the CAs Cloudflare uses for SSL) ✓
Cloudflare nameservers assigned: marvin.ns.cloudflare.com and zara.ns.cloudflare.com ✓

Step-by-step fix
Do these in this exact order. The first one is the big win.
Step 1: Turn on the orange cloud for your website (THE critical fix — 2 minutes)

Go to DNS → Records in Cloudflare
Find the A record for rainbowpreschools.com (root, points to 34.111.179.208)
Click Edit
Click the grey cloud icon next to "Proxy status" — it should turn orange
Click Save
Repeat for the www A record
Done

What this does: Routes all website traffic through Cloudflare's edge, including the Mumbai POP. Static assets get cached. Your TTFB for Indian users will drop from 1.3 s to 200–400 ms within minutes.
Possible glitches to watch for:

Site shows Cloudflare error 525 or 526 → SSL handshake issue between Cloudflare and Replit. Go to SSL/TLS → Overview and try Full mode. If still failing, try Full (strict). Replit serves valid certs, so Full (strict) should work.
Site loads but looks broken → some asset is loading from a non-proxied URL. Hard refresh (Ctrl+Shift+R). Usually self-resolves.
Form submissions or API calls fail → Cloudflare may be caching them. We'll fix this in Step 5 with a cache rule.

Test immediately after:
Open DevTools → Network tab → reload https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/. Click any request. In Response Headers you should see:

server: cloudflare ✓
cf-ray: xxx-BOM (BOM = Bombay/Mumbai POP) ✓

If you see those, the orange cloud is working. If you see server: gunicorn or anything other than cloudflare, the proxy isn't active.
Step 2: Fix the email-related records (5 minutes)
For autoconfig and autodiscover CNAMEs:
First decide: do you actually use Hostinger email anywhere?

If you're 100% on Google Workspace: Delete both records entirely. Edit each → click trash icon → confirm.
If unsure: Just turn off the proxy first. Edit each → click orange cloud → it turns grey (DNS only) → Save. Don't delete yet. Then ask the Replit agent: "Are autoconfig.rainbowpreschools.com or autodiscover.rainbowpreschools.com referenced anywhere in our codebase or any service we use? Should they exist?"

Both options are safe — neither breaks email delivery (MX records handle that). They only affect mail client auto-setup.
Step 3: Verify and fix the SPF record (5 minutes)

Go to DNS → Records
Find the TXT record starting with "v=spf1 include:_spf.mail.h..."
Click Edit → copy the full value
Send the full SPF value back to me (or check yourself)

Correct SPF for Google Workspace only:
v=spf1 include:_spf.google.com ~all
If you also send mail through Hostinger or another service:
v=spf1 include:_spf.google.com include:_spf.mail.hostinger.com ~all
Common wrong version (what you might have):
v=spf1 include:_spf.mail.hostinger.com ~all
This would fail SPF for any email sent through Google Workspace.
Reply with what you see and I'll tell you exactly what to set it to.
Step 4: Configure SSL mode (3 minutes — do this right after Step 1)

Cloudflare → SSL/TLS → Overview
Set encryption mode to Full (strict)
Go to SSL/TLS → Edge Certificates
Enable:

✅ Always Use HTTPS
✅ Automatic HTTPS Rewrites
Minimum TLS Version: 1.2



Step 5: Add cache rules (10 minutes)
Critical for two reasons: (a) caches your static assets at Mumbai edge, (b) prevents API routes from being cached incorrectly.
Go to Caching → Cache Rules → Create rule
Rule 1 — Cache static assets aggressively

Rule name: Cache static assets
When incoming requests match: Custom filter expression →

Field: URI Path
Operator: matches regex
Value: \.(js|css|woff2?|jpg|jpeg|png|webp|avif|gif|svg|ico|ttf|otf)$


Then:

Cache eligibility: Eligible for cache
Edge TTL: Override origin → 1 month
Browser TTL: Override origin → 1 month


Deploy

Rule 2 — Bypass cache for API routes (do this BEFORE Rule 1 in priority order)

Rule name: Bypass API
When incoming requests match:

Field: URI Path
Operator: starts with
Value: /api/


Then:

Cache eligibility: Bypass cache


Deploy

After deploying, drag Rule 2 above Rule 1 if it isn't already (rules are evaluated top to bottom).
Step 6: Performance settings (3 minutes)
Go to Speed → Optimization → Content Optimization:

✅ Auto Minify: JS, CSS, HTML
✅ Brotli
✅ Early Hints
❌ Rocket Loader — leave OFF (can break React; revisit later if needed)

Step 7: Verify everything works (10 minutes)
After all changes, do these checks:
A. Site loads correctly
Visit https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/ from a regular browser. Click around 3-4 pages. Submit a test enquiry form. All should work.
B. Cloudflare is actually serving traffic
DevTools → Network → reload → check response headers for any request:

server: cloudflare ✓
cf-ray: xxx-BOM (or another India POP code) ✓
For static assets: cf-cache-status: HIT (after second load)

C. TTFB has improved
Ask the Replit agent:

Run curl -w "TTFB: %{time_starttransfer}s\nTotal: %{time_total}s\n" -o /dev/null -s https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/ ten times. Report median TTFB. Compare against the pre-Cloudflare baseline of 1.3 s. We're aiming for under 400 ms.

D. Email still works
Send a test email TO customersupport@rainbowpreschools.com from an external account (Gmail/Outlook). Confirm it arrives. Send one FROM that account to an external address. Confirm it arrives without going to spam.
Order summary — do this top to bottom

Right now: Orange cloud the two A records (Step 1). This is the headline fix.
Right after: SSL/TLS to Full (strict), enable Always Use HTTPS (Step 4).
Within 10 min: Verify site still loads + check server: cloudflare header (Step 7A & 7B).
Then: Cache rules (Step 5) — gets you caching benefits.
Then: Performance settings (Step 6).
Today or tomorrow: Fix autoconfig/autodiscover (Step 2) and SPF (Step 3).
24 hours later: Re-run PageSpeed Insights — expect performance score to jump from 64 to 75–85, TTFB to drop from 1.3 s to 300–500 ms.

Start with Step 1. Once you've turned both clouds orange, tell me what cf-ray header you see in DevTools and I'll confirm you're golden before you proceed. If anything errors out, tell me the exact error message and I'll diagnose.