We are giving the homepage ownership of the keyword "preschool in thane" — this phrase is currently unclaimed in the cannibalisation guard. This is a careful, guard-aware change touching three places. Read everything before changing anything.

Step 1 — Read these files first:

server/ssr-pages.ts — find the homepage (/) entry: read its current title, description, H1, and structuredData
client/src/pages/home.tsx (or wherever the homepage client component lives — find it via client/src/App.tsx) — read its current SEO component props and H1
scripts/check-no-title-cannibalisation.ts — read the full keyword ownership matrix and understand the exact format used to register a new keyword
Do not proceed until you have read all three.

Step 2 — Confirm no conflict exists

Before changing anything, verify:

No existing page in the ownership matrix owns "preschool in thane" exactly
No existing page title contains "preschool in thane" as a substring
The homepage title change will not cause SSR/client parity violation
Report what you find. If a conflict exists, stop and tell me — do not proceed.

Step 3 — Update server/ssr-pages.ts (SSR — what Googlebot sees)

Find the homepage (/) entry. Make only these changes:

Title: Update to include "Preschool in Thane" as the primary phrase. The title must:

Be ≤65 characters
Not use any phrase already owned by another page (check the matrix)
Not use banned soft-marketing words (check the guard for the banned list)
Contain "Preschool in Thane" and "Rainbow Preschool" as a brand anchor
Suggested format: "Preschool in Thane | Rainbow Preschool International" — use this unless it fails any of the above checks, in which case propose an alternative before applying
Meta description: Update to ≤155 characters, naturally including "preschool in thane". Do not copy the description from any other page. Write one that is specific to the homepage — broad, trust-building, covering the range of programmes and the 18+ year legacy.

Do not change: H1, canonical, schema, breadcrumbs, contentSections, or any other field in the homepage SSR entry.

Step 4 — Update the client homepage component

Find the SEO component on the homepage client file. Update only the title and description props to exactly match what you set in Step 3. Character for character — the parity guard will fail if they differ.

Do not change any visible page content, layout, components, or styling.

Step 5 — Register the keyword in the cannibalisation guard

Open scripts/check-no-title-cannibalisation.ts. Following the exact same format already used for other entries, add this to the keyword ownership matrix:

"Preschool in Thane" → /  (homepage)

Use the exact syntax the file already uses — do not invent a new format.

Step 6 — Run all guards

pnpm run check-no-title-cannibalisation
pnpm run check-description-length
pnpm run check-h1-parity
pnpm run check-no-client-schema-injection

All 4 must pass. If any fails, fix it before declaring done. Show me the output of each guard.

Step 7 — Confirm

Tell me:

The exact final title string applied
The exact final description string applied and its character count
That SSR and client strings match exactly
That the cannibalisation guard now lists the homepage as the owner of "Preschool in Thane"
That all 4 guards passed
Make no other changes to any other file.

