We need to systematically audit all 6 centre pages for SSR/client drift and quality issues. This is an audit-first, fix-second workflow. Do not change anything until the full audit table is complete.

The 6 centre pages are:

/preschool-in-manpada-thane
/preschool-in-hariniwas-thane
/preschool-in-anand-nagar-thane
/preschool-in-dhokali-thane
/preschool-in-kalwa-thane
/preschool-in-kasarvadavali-thane
Step 1 — Read the source files Read server/ssr-pages.ts for all 6 centre entries. Read shared/centre-data.ts in full. Find the client-side component that renders centre pages (it may be a shared template — find it).

Step 2 — For each of the 6 pages, check every item below and record pass ✅ or fail ❌:

Check	What to verify
Title length	≤65 characters
Title keyword	Contains the area name + "Thane"
Title cannibalisation	Does not use a phrase owned by another page per the cannibalisation guard
Description length	≤155 characters
Description content	Mentions area name, programme types, and a CTA
SSR H1 = Client H1	Exact string match — run scripts/check-h1-parity.ts
SSR description = Client description	Exact or intentional match
Canonical URL	Present and correct (self-referencing)
BreadcrumbList	Present in SSR with correct labels and URLs
LocalBusiness schema	Present in SSR with correct name, address, phone, lat/lng from shared/centre-data.ts
FAQPage schema	Present in SSR
FAQ SSR/client parity	All question strings match between SSR schema and client render
Address accuracy	SSR address matches shared/centre-data.ts exactly
Phone number	Correct and consistent with shared/centre-data.ts
Images	Alt text present and descriptive (not empty, not generic)
Internal links	At least 2–3 links to related pages (programmes, admissions, other centres)
Step 3 — Produce the full audit table Output a table with all 6 centres as rows and all 16 checks as columns. Mark each cell ✅ or ❌. Add a notes column for any specific issue found.

Step 4 — Only after the table is complete, ask me to confirm before fixing anything.

State clearly: "Audit complete. Ready to apply fixes — confirm to proceed." Do not begin fixing until I say yes.

When I confirm, fix all failures in server/ssr-pages.ts and the client template. After fixes, re-run:

pnpm run check-no-title-cannibalisation
pnpm run check-description-length
pnpm run check-h1-parity
pnpm run check-no-client-schema-injection

All 4 guards must pass before this is done.