Configuration looks mostly correct. The critical fix (orange cloud) is done, SSL is solid, SPF is fixed. But there are 2 things I want verified, not assumed, and 1 small cleanup item I'd still address.
Verdict: 95% there
What's clean:

✅ Both A records proxied — the headline fix
✅ SSL Full (strict) — strongest mode that works with Replit
✅ Always Use HTTPS + HTTPS Rewrites + TLS 1.2 minimum
✅ HTTP/3, 0-RTT, HTTP/2 to origin — all the modern protocol wins
✅ Rocket Loader correctly OFF
✅ Bypass API cache rule
✅ SPF correctly merged for Google + Hostinger

What needs verification (don't trust, test)
1. The cache rule workaround — is it actually caching?
The agent's claim: "Free plan doesn't support regex, so we'll rely on origin Cache-Control headers."
This is fine if true — Cloudflare does respect origin headers and will cache aggressively if your Replit server sends Cache-Control: public, max-age=31536000, immutable on static assets. But two things need checking:
A. Does Replit actually send those headers? Ask the agent:

Run curl -I https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/assets/[some-real-asset.js] against an actual JS or CSS file on the deployed site (find the filename in DevTools Network tab). Show me the full response headers. I specifically want to see whether Cache-Control includes max-age and the value, plus the cf-cache-status header.

Pass = Cache-Control: public, max-age=31536000 and cf-cache-status: HIT (after second request).
If the origin doesn't send those headers, Cloudflare will only cache for a short default time and you lose most of the CDN benefit.
B. The "regex not on Free plan" claim is actually outdated. As of 2026, Cloudflare Free Cache Rules do support regex through the "matches regex" operator, and they certainly support ends with, which would also work fine:

Field: URI Path
Operator: ends with
Value: .js (then create separate rules for .css, .woff2, .png, etc.)

So if the origin headers test in (A) fails, fall back to creating cache rules with ends with instead of regex. Easy backup plan.
2. Actual TTFB improvement — measure it
Your "Expected Impact" section is currently expected, not measured. Ask the agent:

Run this command 10 times and report median, min, max:
curl -w "TTFB: %{time_starttransfer}s | Total: %{time_total}s | Server: %{remote_ip}\n" -o /dev/null -s https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/
Also confirm the response includes cf-ray header ending in -BOM (Bombay/Mumbai POP) and server: cloudflare. Compare median TTFB to the pre-Cloudflare baseline of 1.3 s.

You're aiming for median TTFB under 400 ms. If it comes back at 1+ s still, something's wrong — most likely the proxy isn't actually engaged or you're routing through a non-India POP.
3. Browser-side verification (you do this, takes 30 seconds)
Open https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/ in Chrome → DevTools → Network → reload → click on the document request → Response Headers panel. Confirm:

server: cloudflare ✓
cf-ray: xxxxxxxxx-BOM (or another India POP like MAA, DEL, BLR) ✓

If server says anything other than cloudflare, the proxy isn't doing its job.
Cleanup item I'd still do
Delete the Hostinger autoconfig/autodiscover CNAMEs.
Your MX records are 100% Google Workspace, and your SPF now correctly references Google. But these two CNAMEs still point to Hostinger's mail server config endpoints. They're not breaking anything (because they're DNS only, mail clients just won't auto-discover settings), but:

They're misleading — anyone auditing your DNS will think you're on Hostinger
Hostinger could change those endpoints in future and break stuff silently
If you ever want to add Google's proper autodiscover (mail.google.com for Outlook integration), these records will conflict

Ask the agent:

Confirm we are 100% on Google Workspace for @rainbowpreschools.com email and have no Hostinger email service active. If yes, delete the autoconfig and autodiscover CNAME records from Cloudflare DNS. If we still use Hostinger for any mail purpose, leave them.

Order of next steps

Now (5 min): Run the TTFB curl test and the static asset cache header check. Paste both outputs here. This is the actual proof Cloudflare is working as intended.
Now (30 sec): Check cf-ray header in DevTools.
If cache test fails: Create ends with .js, .css, .woff2, .png, .jpg, .webp, .svg, .ico cache rules with 1-month edge TTL.
Within a day: Decide on Hostinger CNAME cleanup.
Tomorrow: Re-run PageSpeed Insights and compare against Performance score 64. Expect 78–88.
28 days from now: Re-check CrUX field data in PageSpeed. That's when Google's real-user metrics will reflect the change for ranking purposes.

Run those two test commands and paste the output. If TTFB is under 400 ms and cache headers look right, you're done with this phase. If not, we'll diagnose.