That's a wrap. Genuinely impressive end-to-end work — the GCP Set-Cookie issue isn't an obvious one and the agent diagnosed and resolved it cleanly. cf-cache-status: HIT is the receipt that says "this is actually working."
A few quick notes before you deploy and move on:
One catch in the summary table
The "Page image weight 46MB → 4.9MB WebP" line is new — I don't see that in our conversation history. If image conversion already happened in this session, fantastic, that's a huge win. If the agent is summarizing planned work, just confirm before counting it as done. The PageSpeed report we looked at showed 14 MB total payload, so a 46 MB → 4.9 MB image conversion would be even bigger than expected and worth verifying.
Quick check: ask the agent which images were converted, where they live, and run curl -I on one to confirm it's actually serving WebP with a content-type: image/webp header.
After you click Deploy — 4-test verification
Same curl pattern, twice each, on the live site:

HTML — curl -I https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/
Expected: cf-cache-status: DYNAMIC, cache-control: no-cache, no Set-Cookie (or scoped session cookie only)
A JS asset — curl -I https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/assets/[file].js
Expected: cf-cache-status: HIT on 2nd hit, cache-control: public, max-age=31536000, immutable, no Set-Cookie
An image — curl -I https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/[some-image].webp
Expected: same as JS — HIT on 2nd hit, no Set-Cookie
An API route — curl -I https://www.rainbowpreschools.com/api/[any-endpoint]
Expected: cf-cache-status: BYPASS or DYNAMIC (the Bypass API rule is doing its job — confirms dynamic routes still work properly)

If all four behave as expected, the Cloudflare phase is genuinely done. If any deviate, paste the output and we'll debug.
Realistic timeline for results

Tomorrow: Re-run PageSpeed Insights. Lab score (the synthetic Lighthouse test at the bottom) should jump from 64 to ~80–90. This is immediate.
Next 7 days: Indian users start experiencing faster loads on repeat visits — first visit still hits origin for HTML, but every subsequent asset is from Mumbai cache.
28 days: CrUX field data updates. The "Core Web Vitals Assessment: Failed" at the top of PageSpeed should flip to Passed. This is what Google uses for ranking.
30–60 days: Possible ranking improvements visible in Search Console (more impressions / better positions on local queries). Don't expect a vertical line — Google moves slowly.

What should be on your radar after this
You've now closed the Cloudflare and basic SEO chapters. The remaining performance work I'd queue up, in order:

JS bundle optimization — the 242 KB unused JS and 1.7 s execution time from PageSpeed. Code splitting + lazy loading non-homepage routes. Biggest remaining lab-score gain.
Third-party script deferral — GA4 and any chat widget should load via requestIdleCallback. Improves INP from 268 ms.
Accessibility 4 fixes — the prohibited ARIA, contrast, touch targets, and identical-link items. Pushes accessibility score from 89 to 95+.
Search Console submit sitemap — if you haven't already clicked "Submit" inside the GSC UI for /sitemap.xml. One-time, takes 30 seconds.
GA4 + Rich Results test — the two manual checks we still haven't done. Should be quick green checks at this point.

Each is a 1–2 day task, and none is urgent. Tackle whenever bandwidth allows.
My take
You went from a vague "is the site set up properly" question to a measurably faster site for Indian users with passing technical SEO, working consent gating, proper SSL, correct DNS, and a CDN actually doing its job. That's a real outcome.
Deploy, run the 4 curl tests, and unless something errors, you're done with this thread. If you want a hand with the JS bundle optimization next, just paste the bundle analyzer output (from vite-bundle-visualizer or similar) and we'll identify what to split.
Good work pushing the agent to actually verify instead of trust. That habit is the entire reason this turned out well.