Ground-truth design tokens (already in use on this page — keep using them, do not introduce new colours):

--primary: 0 85% 50%        /* red — #EC210F */
--secondary: 45 90% 55%     /* amber — badge only */
--muted: 220 14% 96%
--background: 0 0% 100%
--foreground: 220 20% 12%
--border: 220 13% 91%
--radius: 1.25rem

Container: max-w-4xl mx-auto px-4 sm:px-6 lg:px-8.

TASK 1 — Replace all icons with Lucide

Install lucide-react if it isn't already a dependency. Replace every hand-drawn inline SVG icon on this page — all 17 Field Guide card icons and all 12 Match the Symbol tile icons — with the following Lucide components. Keep the existing uniform styling rule: every icon renders in --primary red stroke, on a shared cream/--muted circular background, same size and stroke weight across all 17 — this doesn't change, only the icon shapes themselves change.

Exact/strong matches:

National Flag — Tiranga → Flag
National Currency Symbol — ₹ → IndianRupee
National Calendar — Saka Calendar → CalendarDays
National Anthem — Jana Gana Mana → Music2
National Song — Vande Mataram → Music
National Flower — Lotus → Flower2
National Tree — Banyan → TreeDeciduous
National River — Ganga → Waves
National Fruit — Mango → Citrus
National Vegetable — Pumpkin → Sprout

Near-miss placeholders (client knows these are approximate and will supply custom icons later — use these Lucide icons for now, don't leave anything blank or unstyled):

National Emblem → Landmark
National Pledge → ScrollText
National Animal — Tiger → PawPrint
National Bird — Peacock → Bird
National Aquatic Animal — River Dolphin → Fish
National Heritage Animal — Elephant → Footprints
National Reptile — King Cobra → Route

In the Match the Symbol section, each illustration tile must use the exact same Lucide icon as that symbol's Field Guide card (same component, same styling) — keep them visually paired.

TASK 2 — Match the Symbol: two-column layout at every breakpoint

Problem: on mobile this section currently stacks all 12 icon tiles in one full-width block, then all 12 name tiles in a second block below — forces scrolling up and down to compare, unplayable on a phone.

Fix:

Two columns, side by side, at ALL screen widths — icon tiles in the left column, name tiles in the right column. Never stack into two separate vertical blocks, on any breakpoint.
On narrow/mobile widths, shrink tile padding and width (not text below a readable minimum) so both columns fit comfortably side by side within the page's standard container padding — roughly 45%/45% column widths with a small central gap.
Keep row heights consistent and modest; wrap long text gracefully rather than growing a tile — no tile should overlap or push into a neighbouring row at any width.
Keep generous vertical gap between rows (same spacing scale as the rest of the page) so adjacent rows never risk a mis-tap on a small screen.
Keep the existing selected-tile state (red ring/border + slight scale on first click, persists until the pair resolves) — do not change this logic, only the surrounding layout.
Both columns must scroll together as a single unit — never independently — so they can't drift out of alignment with each other.
TASK 3 — Header redesign

Current header is headline + subhead + two buttons + one text link on a flat field — no visual anchor. Add:

A light decorative band across the hero using 4–5 flagship Lucide icons (Flag, Bird, Flower2, TreeDeciduous) arranged loosely along a thin dotted line rendered in --primary red at low opacity (roughly 15–25% opacity) — this is the page's first visual cue that it's a "trail," visible before any scrolling.
The existing "Begin the Trail" compass icon gets a slow, subtle rotation (a few degrees back and forth on a multi-second loop, or on hover if a constant loop feels too busy) — should read as "alive," not distracting. Respect prefers-reduced-motion — disable the rotation for users with that setting.
Convert the "12 min read · Ages 1.5–6" text line into small pill-style stat chips, reusing the exact same pill styling already used for the "unofficial" badge elsewhere on the page (cream fill, thin border, small-caps label) rather than plain grey text.
No new colours, no new container width — this task is icon placement, one thin dotted line, one subtle animation, and reused pill styling only.
TASK 4 — Motion details across the page
Trail line through zones: add a thin --primary-red dotted line that visually threads through the three "Zone 1/2/3" headers, animating in progressively as the user scrolls to each zone (simple fade/draw-in, not a heavy effect).
Scroll-linked passport fill: confirm the "17/17 collected" numbered strip fills in (outline → solid red) as the user scrolls past each corresponding Field Guide card, not only on direct click/tap interaction. If it's currently click-only, wire it to scroll position (e.g. an IntersectionObserver per card) so it also progresses passively while reading.
Card hover/tap lift: add a small, consistent lift on hover/tap (slight shadow increase + 2–4px translateY) to Field Guide cards, riddle cards, and matching tiles — same duration/easing across all three so it reads as one consistent system, not three different effects.
Cursor stamp effect: leave the existing Explorer's Lens / ink-stamp cursor effect exactly as built — just confirm it only ever renders in --primary red (no leftover off-brand colour from earlier iterations).
TASK 5 — Compact the "17 Symbols to Collect · 3 Explorer Zones" strip

Problem: this is currently its own full-width horizontal-scroll section right under the hero, requiring left/right arrow buttons on desktop to see all 17 circles — reads as a second, competing header.

Fix:

Remove the standalone horizontal-scroll strip section entirely.
Add a compact stat chip near the header's CTA row (styled like the pills from Task 3) summarizing the count, e.g. "17 Symbols · 3 Zones" — this replaces the old strip's introductory role.
Move the actual progress-tracking mechanic (the scroll-linked fill from Task 4) to a slim vertical rail on desktop (a thin bar alongside the content that fills red as the user scrolls through zones) or a slim horizontal bar (not 17 individual circles) on mobile — no arrows, no independent horizontal-scroll container anywhere on the page.
WHAT NOT TO CHANGE
Do not alter any approved copy — Field Guide card text, riddles, matching pairs, craft trail, FAQ, dual-brand block all stay exactly as written.
Do not touch the already-correct colour system, RIS navy panel, collapsed/expand Field Guide card behaviour, or the responsive Field Guide grid from the last fix round — this prompt only adds the 5 tasks above.
Do not change section order or remove/add sections beyond what's specified (the "17 Symbols" strip is being restyled/relocated, not deleted as a concept — its progress-tracking role must survive in the new compact form).
Do not touch any other page on this site.
QA CHECKLIST
 All 17 Field Guide icons and all 12 matching-game icons are Lucide components (no hand-drawn SVGs remain), styled uniformly in --primary red on a shared neutral background
 Icon mapping matches the list in Task 1 exactly, including the 7 near-miss placeholders
 Match the Symbol section is two columns side-by-side at both desktop and mobile widths — no stacking, no overlap, no independent column scrolling
 Selected-tile highlight still works correctly within the new layout
 Header shows the icon/dotted-trail band, the compass has a subtle animation (and respects prefers-reduced-motion), and the read-time/age stats render as pill chips
 Dotted trail line threads through the three zone headers and animates in on scroll
 Passport progress strip fills based on scroll position through each card, not just clicks
 Field Guide cards, riddle cards, and matching tiles all share the same hover/tap lift effect
 Cursor stamp effect still works and is red-only
 The old horizontal-scroll "17 Symbols" strip is gone, replaced by a compact header chip plus a slim scroll-linked progress rail — no arrows, no horizontal-scroll container
 All approved copy, section order, and other interaction logic is unchanged
 Full page re-screenshotted at both desktop and mobile widths and visually confirmed against this spec